Senior Product Manager, Promotions — Google Careers Careers Skip navigation links Teams Locations Benefits Jobs Students Your career arrow_drop_down Your career menu Applications Profile Saved jobs Job alerts Sign in Careers Applications Profile Search jobs Saved jobs Job alerts Teams Locations Benefits Jobs Students Help Send Feedback job details arrow_back Back to jobs search Jobs search results 2,190 jobs matched Account Executive, Mid-Market Sales, Google Customer Solutions Mumbai, Maharashtra, India ; Gurgaon, Haryana, India Director, Technical Program Management, Google Identity and Engagement New York, NY, USA ; Sunnyvale, CA, USA Strategy and Operations Lead, Home and Consumer Services New York, NY, USA ; Atlanta, GA, USA ; +6 more ; +5 more Senior Software Engineer, AI/ML GenAI, Google Cloud AI Sunnyvale, CA, USA Senior Program Manager, Supply Chain Operations, Hardware Fulfillment Mountain View, CA, USA Advertising Solutions Architect, gTech Ads Large Customer Sales Jakarta, Indonesia Data Center Security Manager Skien, Norway Governance Optimization Lead, YouTube Global Vendor Operations Atlanta, GA, USA ; New York, NY, USA Silicon AI/ML Architect, Google Cloud Bengaluru, Karnataka, India Industry Manager, Retail, Large Customer Sales (Fixed-Term Contract) (English, Italian) Milan, Metropolitan City of Milan, Italy Director, Government Affairs and Public Policy Manager California, USA | Remote eligible Product Solutions Engineer, Distribution Technology Singapore Technical Writer, Business Application Platform, Information Experience Bengaluru, Karnataka, India Senior Software Engineer, AI Studio, Google Cloud Warsaw, Poland Strategy and Operations Senior Associate, Ads Technical Services London, UK Program Manager, Global Network Delivery, DCNet Delivery Singapore Data Center Mechanical/Thermal Cooling Engineer Sunnyvale, CA, USA ; Houston, TX, USA ; +6 more ; +5 more | Remote eligible Software Engineering Manager, ML Infra Sunnyvale, CA, USA ; Mountain View, CA, USA Software Engineer II, Mobile (Android), Waze Tel Aviv, Israel Technical Program Manager, WAN Infrastructure and Capacity Singapore 1‑20 of 2190 navigate_next Follow Life at Google on More about us About us open_in_new Contact us open_in_new Press open_in_new Related Information Investor relations open_in_new Blog open_in_new Equal Opportunity Google is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We are committed to building a workforce that is representative of the users we serve, creating a culture of belonging, and providing an equal employment opportunity regardless of race, creed, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding), expecting or parents-to-be, criminal histories consistent with legal requirements, or any other basis protected by law. See also Google's EEO Policy , Know your rights: workplace discrimination is illegal , Belonging at Google , and How we hire . More about us expand_more Related information expand_more Equal opportunity expand_more Privacy open_in_new Applicant & Candidate Privacy open_in_new Terms open_in_new help Help open_in_new arrow_back Back to jobs search Senior Product Manager, Promotions share link Copy link email Email a friend corporate_fare Google place Mountain View, CA, USA ; San Francisco, CA, USA bar_chart Advanced Advanced Experience owning outcomes and decision making, solving ambiguous problems and influencing stakeholders; deep expertise in domain. Apply share link Copy link email Email a friend info_outline X Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA . Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience in product management or related technical role. 3 years of experience taking technical products from conception to launch. Experience working with an online advertising platform or other ads products. Preferred qualifications: Experience driving product strategy and product design. About the job At Google, we put our users first. The world is always changing, so we need Product Managers who are continuously adapting and excited to work on products that affect millions of people every day. In this role, you will work cross-functionally to guide products from conception to launch by connecting the technical and business worlds. You can break down complex problems into steps that drive product development. One of the many reasons Google consistently brings innovative, world-changing products to market is because of the collaborative work we do in Product Management. Our team works closely with creative engineers, designers, marketers, etc. to help design and develop technologies that improve access to the world's information. We're responsible for guiding products throughout the execution cycle, focusing specifically on analyzing, positioning, packaging, promoting, and tailoring our solutions to our users. The team's mission is to make Google an essential part of shopping journeys for consumers and for merchants to connect with consumers. Promotions are a key lever that are used by merchants across online and offline channels to acquire new customers, spur repeat purchases, and take high value actions. The Google Promotions business will enable merchants to connect with new and existing customers across a variety of Google surfaces to drive consumer excitement online and offline. Google aims to build products that organize the world's information and make it universally accessible to our users. As a Product Manager at Google, you could be working on new technologies, platforms, consumer facing products, and/or enterprise systems. The end goal will be to match you with the team that best aligns with your interests, experience, and where you will have the most impact. The US base salary range for this full-time position is $168,000-$252,000 + bonus + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google . Responsibilities Create high-quality user experiences and lead product excellence. Develop and launch innovative, industry-leading tech products. Manage and optimize promotions across various channels, including affiliate networks, retail media networks, and digital coupon platforms. Lead and execute advertising strategies across bidding, pricing, conversion attribution, formats, and quality control. Analyze data from diverse sources to inform product strategy and decision-making. Information collected and processed as part of your Google Careers profile, and any job applications you choose to submit is subject to Google's Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy . Google is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We are committed to building a workforce that is representative of the users we serve, creating a culture of belonging, and providing an equal employment opportunity regardless of race, creed, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding), expecting or parents-to-be, criminal histories consistent with legal requirements, or any other basis protected by law. See also Google's EEO Policy , Know your rights: workplace discrimination is illegal , Belonging at Google , and How we hire . If you have a need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form . Google is a global company and, in order to facilitate efficient collaboration and communication globally, English proficiency is a requirement for all roles unless stated otherwise in the job posting. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees, or any other organization location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Follow Life at Google on More about us About us open_in_new Contact us open_in_new Press open_in_new Related Information Investor relations open_in_new Blog open_in_new Equal Opportunity Google is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We are committed to building a workforce that is representative of the users we serve, creating a culture of belonging, and providing an equal employment opportunity regardless of race, creed, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding), expecting or parents-to-be, criminal histories consistent with legal requirements, or any other basis protected by law. See also Google's EEO Policy , Know your rights: workplace discrimination is illegal , Belonging at Google , and How we hire . More about us expand_more Related information expand_more Equal opportunity expand_more Privacy open_in_new Applicant & Candidate Privacy open_in_new Terms open_in_new help Help open_in_new Follow Life at Google on More about us About us open_in_new Contact us open_in_new Press open_in_new Related Information Investor relations open_in_new Blog open_in_new Equal Opportunity Google is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We are committed to building a workforce that is representative of the users we serve, creating a culture of belonging, and providing an equal employment opportunity regardless of race, creed, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding), expecting or parents-to-be, criminal histories consistent with legal requirements, or any other basis protected by law. See also Google's EEO Policy , Know your rights: workplace discrimination is illegal , Belonging at Google , and How we hire . More about us expand_more Related information expand_more Equal opportunity expand_more Privacy open_in_new Applicant & Candidate Privacy open_in_new Terms open_in_new help Help open_in_new Google apps Main menu